2014 Audi A4 quattro Premium Plus 2.0T w/ Navi & rearCam
 Offered by: EMG Auto Sales ??? (732) 587-7684 ??? Call for price
 VIN: WAUFFAFLXEN005777Stock #: 4500Condition: UsedMileage: 54,271Exterior: Volcano Red MetallicInterior: BlackBody: SedanTransmission: AutomaticEMG Auto Sales
 EMG Auto, has been in the business of selling quality pre-owned vehicles for over 18 years.   We as a family owned business are focused and determined to extend our hospitality to all of our clients. EMG Auto offers vehicles of the highest quality and are known for the manner in which we prepare our vehicles.   One of the only privately own dealers in the area with a self sufficient full service department, not only for our existing clients, but for anyone looking for great work done at a fair price. Feel free to browse our inventory online, request more information about vehicles, set up a test drive or inquire about our easy financing!
 Website: www.emgauto.comAddress: 885 US-1 & 9 Avenel, NJ 07001Phone: (732) 587-7684
 
 Disclaimer: DISCLAIMER: We make every effort to present information that is accurate. However, it is based on data provided by the vehicle manufacturer and other sources, Therefore exact configuration, Color, Certification and Accessories should be used as a guide only and are not guaranteed under any circumstances for any inaccuracies, claims of losses of any nature. Never the less, Inventory is subject to prior sales and prices are subject to change without notice combined with any other offer(s) During your search for a vehicle, beware of undisclosed fees which will affect the total selling price of your vehicle. EMG Auto Sales adheres to a strict full disclosure policy of your purchase and financing. EMG Auto Sales guarantees all of our internet prices. To ensure your complete satisfaction verify with our Sales Team Representatives prior to purchase. Call us right away at and feel free to ask any questions. Price includes all costs to be paid by a consumer. All advertised prices exclude government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer document preparation charge, and any emission testing charge. The price for listed vehicles as equipped does not include charges such as: License, Title, Registration Fees, State or Local Taxes, Dealer Prep, or Delivery Fees. DEALER makes no representations, expressed or implied, to any actual or prospective purchaser or owner of this vehicle as to the existence, ownership, accuracy, description or condition of the listed vehicle's equipment, accessories, price, specials or any warranties. Any and all differences must be addressed prior to the sale of this vehicle. 17" - 22" UPGRADED WHEELS ARE OPTIONAL, please call for more information.
 
     
